Feature List

Networking Feed / Social Feed: Networking feature, allows students and Recruiter to connect with each other. This can be useful for Recruiters for posting information about current/Upcoming job opportunities. With this feature the students can get more information about jobs and connect with the recruiting team. This feature also allows users to publish their achievements and showcase their talents.
Resume Builder: This section takes basic information from the student/customer like Education, job experience and key skills, etc. With this information from the user, an accurate resume according to the students/customer education can be built. Student/Customers can sign up and join the waitlist to get their resume review by the professionals(Advisors / Hiring team)
Internship and Job: All the relevant Job/Internships will be provided in the social feed section with the most recent to oldest order. Customers will have the option to choose the opportunity based on individual skills and interest.
Interview Preparation: A section where most of the famous and top Interview questions can be found. This section will consist of two-level interviews. First level practice interview questions are mostly basic and desired-position related questions. Second-level consists of more in-depth and technical questions regarding the position. Basically Interview preparation is like a study-guide for the actual interview, preparing the students/users for the interview based on frequently asked questions.
Volunteering / Social service Feed: Securing employment can be challenging for students without prior work experience. To gain valuable skills and enhance their resumes, students are encouraged to engage in volunteer opportunities related to their field of study. The Volunteering Feed will provide information on available volunteer services, allowing students to connect with organizations in need. Those interested in contributing their time and skills can participate and support these causes while gaining hands-on experience relevant to their career aspirations.
Event Reminders: Calendar view of upcoming events that the user signed for. Events that the user is interested in attending, can also be viewed in this section. The feature sends regular notifications to remind users about their upcoming deadlines and events. These feature can serve as motivation, encouraging users to take actionable steps and stay focused on their objectives.
Goal Tracker: This feature allows users to set goals. The user is asked two types of goals, short-term(1-3 month period) and long term(1 - 5 years). Goal tracker will be a constant reminder for the users to continue and follow their goals. The Goal Tracker feature provides tools for users to track their progress over time. Users can set milestones, check off completed tasks, and receive reminders to keep them on track. This visibility helps maintain motivation and accountability.
Resources Library: This feature is a collection of videos and guides on job search from past successful users. This section shows insights and strategies used by past successful users like practical advice and real-world examples. Users can navigate through this feature to find relevant content and techniques to enhance their job search.
Profile: This feature allows users to build a personalized profile page that will verify their identity and showcases individuals professional identity. This feature is flexible as it highlights individual skills, education and work experience. This feature overall is used as tools for users to present themselves effectively to potential employers.
Weekly Challenges: Weekly challenges feature can be a reflection on goal tracker. Based on the user’s goals, the user will be able to sign up related weekly challenges. This feature enables the user to step out of their comfort zone and participate in activities on networking. For example, a challenge might involve reaching out to a new contact on LinkedIn or completing an online course and posting the certification on user profile/feed.

